# Terms and Conditions of Service (TACOS)

Last updated March 4, 2013.

# Definition of Terms

The terms "Company", "we", "us", "our", and other similar terms refer to FS Stack, Inc. The terms "Product", "API",
and Service", refer to our product, Framebase, and all features, services, and code made available with it. The terms
"Our Website", "This Website", or similar refers to the website or websites hosted by us for use, documentation, and
marketing of the Product, including, but not limited to, the documentation pages, legal agreements, marketing
materials, client dashboard, and these agreements.

The terms "you", "Customer", and other similar terms refer to you, the direct customer of our site. The term "Your
Website", "Your Application" or similar refers to your website or application with your integration of the Product.
The term "User" refers to all users of the Product using your integration, which may include you.

The term "Agreement" refers to this agreement.

# Use of the Product is Governed by this Agreement

In order to use the Product, access the information contained on Our Website, or make use of our services, you must
first read this Agreement and accept it. You may not avail yourself of our API, Our Website, or services if you do
not accept this Agreement and the terms herein.

BY USING FRAMEBASE AND THE FRAMEBASE WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES.

By putting a checkmark next to Agree or clicking any button indicating your agreement in the user interface, you
represent that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions of the Agreement. These terms and conditions
will remain in effect throughout your use of the Service. This Agreement is legally binding should you chose to
register for the Service.

## Binding Authority for Another Entity

If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent and warrant that:

  * You have full legal authority to bind your employer, or other entity, to this Agreement
  * You have read and understand this Agreement
  * You agree, on behalf of the party that you represent, to this Agreement.

If you don't have the legal authority to bind your employer or the other applicable entity, you may not accept these
terms, and may not use the Product.

## Severability

If a provision of the Agreement becomes, or is determined to be, illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, that shall not affect:

  * The validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Agreement in that jurisdiction, or
  * The validity or enforceability of that or any other provision of the Agreement in other jurisdictions.

## Legal Jurisdiction

This agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of San Francisco, California.

## Term

The term of this Agreement will commence once you accept this Agreement, and the Agreement will remain in effect until
terminated as described in the Agreement.

## Updates to this Agreement

We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time without prior notice by posting them to Our Website.
When we do, we will revise the "last update" date of this Agreement, and make an attempt to notify you if you provide
us with your email. Your continued use of the Service after such posting will constitute acceptance of changes.

# Terms and Conditions for Use of Our Service

## People Who May Not Use the Service

You may not accept these terms and may not use the Product if:

  * You are under 13 years of age, or
  * You are not a human, or
  * You are not of legal age to form a binding contract with us, or
  * You are not able to form a binding contract with us for other legal reasons, or
  * You are barred from receiving the Service under the laws of the United States, or
  * You are barred from receiving the Service under the laws of your country, or the country from which you use the
    Service

## Grant of Right to Use Service

Subject to your acceptance of, and compliance with, this Agreement, FS Stack hereby grants you a limited,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right and license to access and use the Service in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. This license is non-sublicensable - you may not allow any third party to
access the Service.

### APIs

Your Application may integrate with the Service through the use of our documented APIs. You acknowledge that from time
to time, we may change APIs for the Service. It is your responsibility to ensure requests made to our Service are
compatible with current APIs, however we will make attempts to notify you at least 60 days before any such changes are
made, except in the case of emergency changes, such as for, but not limited to, security reasons.

### Availability

Unless specified in the plan you selected, we make no guarantees about the availability of the service.

If availability is specified in your plan, measurement and penalties are subject to the terms of the individual
Service-Level Agreement (SLA).

### You are Responsible for Use of Your Application

You are responsible for all usage originating from Your Application as identified by any usage credentials we may
provide. As such, you should protect all such credentials. Actions taken by your credentials will be deemed to be
actions taken by you, and you will bear all consequences under this agreement.

### Termination

You may terminate this Agreement at any time by contacting our support, except that the certain parts of the Agreement
will remain in effect as specified by the Billing and Payment section.

We may terminate this agreement at any time by providing you 30 days notice, or as provided by the Remedies section.

## Acceptable Use

You may not use the Service for any behavior which is abusive, which affects the reliability of the Service, or which
is illegal in the United States or under the laws of your country, or the country from which you use the Service. The
following is a list of examples of such behaviors, but THIS LIST IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE:

  * Launching, even unintentionally, a Denial of Service attack on the Service
  * Bypassing or attempting to bypass any security mechanism of the Service
  * Attempting to find vulnerabilities in the Service
  * Attempting to evade filtering
  * Engaging in fraudulent activities
  * Transmitting viruses, worms, or malicious material, or any material containing these
  * Creating or transmitting child pornography
  * Creating or transmitting recordings without proper consent from the subjects
  * Spamming or other unsolicited advertising
  * Harassment
  * Transmitting any material which may infringe the intellectual property rights of others
  * Promoting or engaging in illegal activities
  * Adversely impacting the availability of the Service
  * Using the Service in any manner which may subject us or any third party to liability or damages
  * Using the Service in any other manner not authorized by us

Additionally, you may not, nor may you allow any third party to, copy, distribute, lend, transfer, modify, decompile,
disassemble, or reverse-engineer the Service for any purpose.

### Intellectual Property

In regards to copyrighted content, we act under the safe harbor provisions of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act, and
when notified of intellectual property rights infringement, we will act as specified by our DMCA Policy above. This
includes making an effort to provide you notice of the complaint, and giving you a chance to respond.

### Option to Enforce this Policy

Our failure to enforce this policy in every instance does not amount to a waiver of our rights hereunder.

### Exemptions for Security Researchers

An exemption to the Acceptable Use is provided for security research is allowed under the following conditions:

  * The use does not adversely affect the reliability of the Service
  * The use does not access any confidential Customer data, other than data created by the researcher
  * The researcher notifies us immediately of any findings

Security notifications should be made by email to security@framebase.io, or by phone to (510) 567-4-FSS.

## Billing and Payment

You will be charged in accordance with the terms of the plan you selected when signing up. This plan may be changed
later from your account. Invoices are due immediately.

### Modifications to Plans, Yours

You may cancel or modify your account in accordance with the other provisions of this agreement, however these
modifications will be effective at the beginning of the following billing term, and you will still be responsible
for unmodified charges for the remainder of the billing period in which the modification took place - the modification
will not be pro-rata.

### Modifications to Plans, Ours

We may make chances to our pricing in the future. Continued usage of the product may require accepting the new pricing.
We provide no guarantee of future availability of the Service at the same pricing terms, except that any changes to
terms will not be effective until the end of the billing period in which they went into effect.

### Failure to Pay

If we cannot charge your credit card, and you do not provide a working replacement within 15 days, we may cancel your
account, or take other remedies in accordance with the Remedies section. In such a case, we may send your account to
a collections agency for collection of outstanding balance.

### Refunds

No refunds for the service are provided except as otherwise noted. Where refunds are provided, they will be at our
sole discretion, and subject to reasonable prevention of abuse.

## Remedies

Violation of this Agreement may result in the immediate suspension or termination of your account. In such an event,
you are still liable for all outstanding charges accumulated in accordance with the Billing and Payment policy, and no
guarantee of data preservation is provided. Additionally, violation of this Agreement may result in civil and/or
criminal liability.

We may provide requested information to third parties who have been harmed by your failure to abide to this Agreement,
particularly in cases of a violation of the Acceptable Use Policy.

## Not an End-Consumer Product

This is not an end-consumer product. Consumer law does not apply.

## Accuracy of Information, Yours

You represent and warrant that any information you provide to us, during sign-up or during continued use of the
Product, is correct and accurate to the best of your knowledge, and that you have made any reasonable efforts to
verify its accuracy before providing it.

## Accuracy of Information, Ours

While we strive to ensure that the information presented on Our Website is accurate, we make no warranties as to the
accuracy, completeness, or correctness of any information, and assume no liability or responsibility for errors or
omissions in the content of the Website. We reserve the right to revise the information contained on Our Website at
any time without notifying past or current visitors, or our Customers.

# DMCA Policy

We do not create or upload content directly. As such, we will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged
copyright infringement and will take actions as specified by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and other
applicable intellectual property laws.

## Notice of Infringement

Notice of infringement should be provided to our copyright agent at copyright@framebase.io. You may also contact us
by mail at 207 King St #706, San Francisco California 94107.

The notification must be in writing, and contain the following information:

  * A description of the copyrighted work
  * A description of where the infringing material is located, with enough detail that we may find it
  * The address, telephone number, and email address of the person making the request
  * A statement of good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the
    law
  * A statement of authorization to act on the copyright owner's behalf
  * A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that all information in the notice is accurate
  * An electronic or physical signature of the person making the request

We will notify the Customer of any such requests.
